Need to add specific sharing limitations (#7919)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/cloud-video-interop.md

![Diagram describing a Teams Cloud Video Interop partner solution.](media/teams-cloud-video-interop-partner-solution.png)

> > [!Note] CVI is limited to audio, video and screen sharing in meetings only. PowerPoint and document sharing is not support with CVI integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
>  CVI is limited to audio, video, and screen sharing in meetings only. PowerPoint and document sharing are not supported with CVI integration.
```
